It seems like Jim Boeheim retired at the right time. After 47
Boeheim hung up the drawing boards last year after a national championship
35 trips to the NCAA tournament, resulting in 20 Sweet 16s, seven
Final Fours and three championship game appearances. But of course, all good
an end, including Boeheim's time on the sideline. CLICK HERE FOR MORE
FOXNEWS.COM However, the coaching legend says one bad aspect of college sports
conference realignment. The Pac-12 has been dismantled, with 10 of its dozen
either the Big Ten, Big 12, SEC or ACC. That means some
Coast schools will have to travel around the entire country more than
the schools that hardly ever traveled west of the Mississippi will be
back more often. The new increased travel, Boeheim says, will be the
these programs. "[They] would have to take at least three or four
3,000 miles, travel and play … go home, play a couple games,
a couple games, go back. … I guess that’s what they’ll do,"
on Outkick's "Don't @ Me" with Dan Dakich." "I wouldn’t like to
don’t think it’s good for players to make that kind of journey
play a game." COLLEGE BASKETBALL ANALYST JAY BILAS ON COURT STORMING: ‘FANS
ON THE FLOOR ‘EVER’ Boeheim noted that this isn't the case for
are able to settle in well in advance, playing just once a
said the realignment was done "to just get TV money … and
it all anyway" and that the presidents of the conferences will regret
one day. "The presidents are very much in charge, and they decided
is good for college sports. And I think we’ll look back someday
was not good for college sports," he said. CLICK HERE TO GET
APP Boeheim was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2005
three Olympic gold medals as an assistant head coach for Team USA.
four-time Big East Coach of the Year, was named the AP and
of the Year in 2010 and won the Wooden Award in 2006.
as a head coach. The NCAA vacated 101 of those wins as
the university's athletics scandal, dropping his official record to 1,015-440. He only
mater for his entire career. Follow Fox News Digital’s&nbsp;sports coverage on X&nbsp;and
News Sports Huddle newsletter.